+++
title = "Week 28/26"
date = 2026-07-12

[taxonomies]
tags = ["work", "life"]

[extra]
song = "I Love to Hate - Screeching Weasel"
+++

So, what happened since May? Not much really, let's recap the interesting bits (if any).

## Work
I juggled between different projects, mostly internal—focusing on system
integrations, reports, dashboards/portals, and MCP servers for our internal AI.

The merge between the two companies is going ok, but there's a lot of room for
improvement in cooperation and communication: sometimes it's hard to tell who
is doing what and why, so there's always some level of uncertainty.

There's an Italian proverb that goes: "A dog with two owners dies of hunger.".
See also: [Diffusion of responsibility](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffusion_of_responsibility).

## Personal
Summer isn't the best time of the year for anxious people: the heat mimics
the symptoms of anxiety quite well: shortness of breath, sweating, dizziness, and palpitations.

It's easy for a hypervigilant amygdala to get fooled and start a "fight-or-flight" response.

But don't worry, I have my countermeasures, and it's going fine. Also, there is
no shame if sometimes I can't stand a situation; it's my right.

I used to think I couldn't afford a single failure, that would become another
crack in an already cracked pot, but it's not like that.

I should be more forgiving of myself and love myself a little more.

Moving on to something more interesting, a couple of months ago I installed
a [Hermes](https://hermes-agent.org/) instance on my servers.

It's the most useful thing involving AI that I've ever used; I'm probably going to
write a post about it.

Currently, I'm reading "[A History of Western Philosophy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_History_of_Western_Philosophy)" for
the second time: even if it's inaccurate and opinionated, I personally feel
a strong connection with the way Russell thinks.

Outside of work, I don't sit in front of a computer too much these days.
I prefer reading, playing "No Man's Sky", playing the guitar, or experimenting with
[Strudel](https://strudel.cc/).
